# Unleashing Amazon Insights

 This project contains two Python scripts: scraping.py and IRmodel.py.
# scraping.py

This script scrapes product reviews of iPhone models from Amazon. It extracts both the product title and the respective reviews. The gathered information is then written into a CSV file.

How it works:

    The script makes HTTP requests to Amazon to get the webpage contents.
    Using the BeautifulSoup library, the script parses the HTML content.
    For each product, it finds the product's title and all related reviews.
    Writes the title and reviews into a CSV file.

# IRmodel.py

This script uses the reviews data scraped by scraping.py to build an information retrieval model. It implements TF-IDF for finding the most relevant product titles and sBERT for finding the most relevant reviews.

How it works:

    Reads the reviews data from the CSV file.
    Preprocesses the text data: removes punctuation, tokenizes text, removes stopwords, and applies stemming.
    Uses the TF-IDF algorithm to identify the most relevant product titles based on the user's query.
    After identifying the most relevant titles, it utilizes sBERT to find the most relevant reviews.

# Usage
scraping.py

To run the scraping script, you will need to install some dependencies:
- pip install requests
- pip install beautifulsoup4
- pip install csv

IRmodel.py

To run the IR model script, make sure you've installed the necessary dependencies:
- pip install numpy
- pip install math
- pip install re
- pip install nltk
- pip install csv
- pip install string
- pip install sentence_transformers
- pip install sklearn

 > Note:
>> Please ensure that you have run the scraping.py script before running IRmodel.py as it relies on the CSV file generated by the former script.
>> Or you can use the reviews.csv file and skip the scraping.py.


# > Additional Information

> The scraping.py script is designed to scrape reviews of iPhone models from Amazon, specifically iPhone 12 and 13 models. If you wish to scrape reviews for other > products or models, you'll need to modify the query in the scraping.py script.

> The IRmodel.py script includes a hardcoded query for testing the information retrieval system. If you want to use your own query, you will need to modify the query variable in the IRmodel.py script.
# 
> Disclaimer
>> These scripts are for educational purposes and not intended for use in applications that violate Amazon's or any other platform's terms of service. Please use them responsibly.
